## Introduce
---
&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;Independence, and self-confidence, I believe are virtues that bloom in suffering. Some time ago, I was at home due to the epidemic, and I bought a simple copy of "Jane Eyre". It was originally a time to take time away from work when I was bored. Who knows the power of words in it, I can write a few words that touched me when I was lazy. The reason for the rise is that this book has been recommended by many primary and secondary school teachers. When I was a child, I liked foreign classics, but most of them were dominated by stories about adventure, fantasy, and war. I sneered at books about love. Obsessed. But I want to be curious, why do primary and secondary school teachers recommend a novel about love, and what kind of charm does the heroine have? After I read it, I really understood that the heroine's independence, self-confidence, strength, and unyielding character, as the splendid character of pursuing personal value shines brightly in the lines of the text.
## Background
---
&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;"Jane Eyre" was created in the "Victorian Era" in England[^1]. During the Victorian era, patriarchy still prevailed and women were underserved. At that time, it was the heyday of the British Industrial Revolution, but the progress of science and technology did not lead to the leap of thought. The status of women was very humble at that time, and women lacked education and enlightenment of knowledge, which directly contributed to the disadvantaged status of women at the social level. The prevailing perception of women in the British environment at the time was that women "should" play an accessory role of grace, glamour, and vulnerability. Charlotte Bronte was born into such a poor family in such a turbulent British society. However, thanks to the immersion of her learned father, Charlotte has been bathed in the sunshine of knowledge in her youth and completed in suffering. The spiritual baptism of literary literacy.
## Points
---
### Revolt
&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;Courage is the greatest hymn of mankind. Jane Eyre's life was full of ups and downs and bullying, and the fragmentation of her original family caused Jane Eyre to start a "lonely" life journey when she was young. The abuse of her aunt made her not feel the warmth of family affection. Later, the scene changed. The layers of bondage in Lowood Academy, a charity school, also suffocated Jane Eyre. The death of her best friend Helen made Jane Eyre lose her friendship again. Immediately after going to Thornfield Manor to become a tutor, Jane Eyre has a love-hate relationship with Rochester, the owner of the manor, and life once again makes Jane Eyre lose her love. Jane Eyre is always losing, she is not always so strong, she used to be confused and disturbed and even attributed all the suffering to herself, but Helen is like a ray of light in her life. Fortunately, Jane Eyre's thoughts were struggling the most. When the time comes, her departure is also the beginning of Jane Eyre's spiritual Nirvana. Jane Eyre began to rebel against the secular world. She refused to be a vassal product of any faction, power, or character. In the text, she burst into tears, but she still firmly made the most difficult choice. I can't help but think of Lieutenant Colonel Slade's classic accusation in "Scent of a Woman": 'Now I have come to crossroads in my life, I always knew what the right path was. Without exception, I knew, but I never took it, you know why, it was too * hard.' We all know the right way, but do we have the courage to go to her? At the end of the book, Jane Eyre finally achieved a positive result, but the reality is that there is no such romantic ending. Jane Eyre's legacy is more like a gift from God, but I feel that wealth and knowledge are gifts for the brave, if you dare to go forward will eventually feel the warmth of the world. We want to pray to God for a better life, but in the end, the only one who can save us is ourselves.
### Writing
&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;The style of "Jane Eyre" uses a lot of psychological descriptions and uses verses to express feelings, which is quite romantic. Since I read the Chinese translation and did not directly read the English original (which will be added later), I did not intuitively feel the brilliance of the original English verses, so I will only briefly talk about the writing techniques of "Jane Eyre" here. . A large number of psychological and environmental descriptions are laid out in the text to set off the atmosphere. From my point of view, Charlotte pays more attention to the inner transformation of the characters. Every scene change is not only the life experience of the heroine but also the advanced path of Jane Eyre and even the author's inner beliefs. "Art comes from life, but it is higher than life"[^2], the author emphasizes psychological changes, combined with the background of the patriarchal era at that time, women's consciousness grows under the enlightenment of knowledge, but there is no good soil for its development, society Stress does not allow strange sounds, and emotions can only slowly ferment between the lines. gradually erupted. The article critical of realism was published, in which romanticism did not take the lead. It is really a good book.
### Love and Equal
&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;Love and equality, the theme of the world will never fall. Reading always makes people sober, but the reality is often cloudy. Jane Eyre finally got happiness in her life, but in reality, British women are still waiting for the "gift of nature". Charlotte is showing the world with the help of words, equality, equality, equality. Discrimination and confrontation should not be allowed in any era. Everyone is an independent individual with an independent personality and values. If we acquiesce to the establishment of a hierarchy today, then one day the identity of master and servant will be replaced, totalitarianism will lead to hatred, and the development of history must be an equal society of tolerance and coexistence. . Jane Eyre finally got the destination of her love, and I believe that the society of equal rights that women look forward to will eventually come, and I believe that it will eventually be a society of great love.
## Forecast
---
&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;Finally, the original title should be a summary, but after thinking about it, I found that the forecast is more appropriate. I saw a very interesting point of view some time ago, how should equality between men and women be achieved? He answsss that education and literature can fundamentally improve the status of women. This does not happen overnight. We need proof of time and the attitude of history. I am sure that this is the right path, because the right thing is very slow, and the good thing is very slow. The road is long and long, waiting for the flowers to bloom.

## Reference
[^1]:The Victorian era was from 1837 when Queen Victoria came to the throne to 1914 when the First World War began, and the British were called the Victorian era. This period was the most powerful "Empire on which the sun never sets". The peak period of the British Industrial Revolution was also the heyday of the British economy and culture.
[^2]:Russian literary theorist Chernyshevsky