### Introduce
---
I recently read the book "The uncommon reader" myself, and I wanted to write some inspiration. This book is about the story of Queen Elizabeth II, who got acquainted with books, learned about books, and fell in love with reading by chance. Of course, the first time I read a British sitcom-style writing style, I couldn't help but admire the humorous writing style of the article, which made the image of the queen more lifelike and made the core of serious literature a more vivid and interesting output bridge. Here are some of my insights:

### Words are the proudest things in the world
---
Reading is a behavior with strong universality, high flexibility, low marginal cost and strong sustainability. Each of us can read, immersive reading anytime, anywhere. On the surface, reading is a single choice, but I am more certain that reading is an invisible two-way communication. First of all, you choose a book, depending on your reading preferences and pursuit direction, secondly, the result of the choice also proves inversely that you will have an emotional resonance with the spiritual world promoted by the authors. I believe that driven by the post-epidemic era in the Internet age, human beings will pay more attention to spiritual abundance and the filling of their inner world, and the role of books will continue and expand over time. When I read "The Uncommon Reader", the power of words is more vividly reflected. Queen Elizabeth II is already one of the few people in the world's power center, but she is even more approachable when she is reading. I started to have the idea of writing my own articles. In front of words, there are no privileged classes, and all living beings are equal. Only if you let go of all the prejudices and prejudices of secular concepts, you will be able to enjoy reading, and books will also feed back to us, a more tolerant and generous way of understanding the world.

### We should read, but not only read
---
Reading is a form of entertainment, but it is also a form of learning. Similar to the reading experience of the Queen, when I first started to contact books when I was a child, as long as it was a book, I accepted it wholeheartedly, but as the amount of reading accumulated, it became more and more important to understand efficient reading methods and establish a reasonable knowledge system. In the process of reading, the queen also picked up the pen and started taking notes. As the old saying goes, "good memory is not as good as bad writing". This is a matter of preparation before reading and skills in reading. But more importantly, after reading, we reflect and think. We do not advocate utilitarian reading, but we must reflect on the reading experience. We must understand that the way individuals perceive the world is limited, and reading can effectively increase the breadth and depth of understanding the world.
### The last
---
I am very fortunate to read this book "The Uncommon Reader", which makes me understand the devotion of human beings to the power in words, and reminds myself all the time that reading is a lifelong thing and should be kept in mind at all times.